doc: add ttlSecondsAfterFinished example (#521)
kubernetes-sigs/jobset: site/content/en/docs/tasks/_index.md

- [Exclusive Job Placement](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/release-0.5/examples/simple/exclusive-placement.yaml) demonstrates how you can configure a JobSet to have a 1:1 mapping between each child Job and a particular topology domain, such as a datacenter rack or zone. This means that all the pods belonging to a child job will be colocated in the same topology domain, while pods from other jobs will not be allowed to run within this domain. This gives the child job exclusive access to computer resources in this domain.

- [Parallel Jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/release-0.5/examples/simple/paralleljobs.yaml) demonstrates how we can submit multiple replicated jobs in a jobset.

- [Startup Policy](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/release-0.5/examples/startup-policy/startup-driver-ready.yaml) demonstrates how we can define a startup order for ReplicatedJobs in order to ensure a "leader"
pod is running before the "workers" are created. This is important for enabling the leader-worker paradigm in distributed ML training, where the workers will attempt to register with the leader as soon as they spawn.

> - [Automatic Cleanup for Finished Jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/release-0.5/examples/simple/ttl-after-finished.yaml) demonstrates an example of `ttlSecondsAfterFinished`. ttlSecondsAfterFinished is a feature that allows you to specify the maximum lifetime of a job. When a job reaches the specified lifetime, it will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TTL after finished](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/jobset/blob/release-0.5/examples/simple/ttl-after-finished.yaml) demonstrates how you can configure a JobSet to be cleaned up automatically after a defined period of time has passed after the JobSet finishes.
```

Author: done
